Added documentation for new gcp integration feature (#4220)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/gcp/index.rst

.. thumbnail:: ../images/gcp/gcp-data-flow.png
    :align: center
    :width: 100%

Performance
-----------

The Wazuh module for GCP Pub/Sub uses a `Python library <https://googleapis.dev/python/pubsub/2.7.1/index.html/>`_ to pull the messages from the topic. Its implementation has design limitations when integrated with the Wazuh module.

> To improve the integration performance, it is highly recommended to focus on horizontal escalation, configuring this module for the same subscription on different machines (managers or agents).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve the integration performance, it is highly recommended to use horizontal scalability, configuring this module for the same subscription on different machines (managers or agents).
```

> To improve the integration performance, it is highly recommended to focus on horizontal escalation, configuring this module for the same subscription on different machines (managers or agents).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To improve the integration performance, it is highly recommended to use horizontal scalability, configuring this module for the same subscription on different machines (managers or agents).
```

Author: Solved mistake in 79cc10a17da0d8a90535cb7ada0dfa97168d8426.
